Imagine the following situation: You need to establish a QA process in a cross-functional team.
The team builds a front-end application using REST API's

1.Where would you start ? what would be your first steps?
Answer:

The main aim of having a Quality Assurance process is to ensure that the right product is built right, the first time.
That means, we need to ensure that the requirements are correctly defined and the development team have a solid understanding
of the functionality of new features before starting to code.

It is important to note that testing is not a phase, it’s an activity and that testing starts
from the very beginning of the development process, right from when the user stories are written.

Testing should support development and so testing activities are in parallel to
the development activities, and at every stage of the development process we need to ensure that the code is thoroughly tested.

Before implementing a testing process, we need to know the current development
methodology and process and if necessary make adjustments to improve the process.

Once there is understanding of nature of the team and product , We need to define the definition of testing that expands to
Functional testing which includes various types of testing with respect to API and UI.
To achieve more test coverage we need  Unit/Integration test with covering test scenarios in Isolated/individual  API's
and then focus on UI test cases for the business criticality and UI Compatibility.
Also we need to define the  definition on Functional Test, Unit Test, Integration Test for build release process


2.Which process would you establish around testing new functionality ? How would you want the features to be tested?
Answer:

Before Picking the build to be tested we need to understand the requirement and its necessesity in the current state of product.
We need to be ready with Test plan / test stratergy with respect to new functionality before we appraoch the testing
Ensure the implemented functionality is not breaking the exisitng funcitonality and not blocking any other dependeint system / team. By running regression / impact regression / Smoke test for build readiness.
Ensure All tests / Acceptance test are executed with all the possible test data
Ensure All the bugs are closed
Ensure Exploratory testing is finished
Ensure Non Functional testing like Performance testing & Secureity tesitng  completed (use of static code analysis or any bug  scanner)



3. If you would do test automation which techniques or best practise would you use?
Answer:

I would recommend Test early stratergy when we work with Agile and Fast paced environment. i.e QA and Dev team need to be work closely and eitehr of the
team need to be flexible to look and expand the test autoamtion easily and comfirtaabley when it requires.
Considering the above gole
A. Test team able to Test the the fucntiolity locally (able to set up  the dev env locally) so the Auomation script can have the implementation logic before the
Business logic in test automation script

B.Test automation script should be Flexible for the change and more understandable to cross functional teams, hence Automaion suits should have abstraction layes to Business logic,
 Implementaion logics and  Test data if its UI tests the Page objects or DOM identification stratergy shouldbe separated
C. Test Automation scenarios should have capability run the test suits based on the functionality so can be cherrypicked with respect to Regression stratergy like Impcat regression/Smoke tests
D. Should be Well documented and Reports should be more user friendly or fucntioanlity with Messaging channels
E. Should be flexible to handle the Flaky tests or re running fucntionality if there is a intermiitent failuers
F. Should be Part of build pipeline(CI/CD) this way we can have more fast and often release to live
G. Autoamtion Test suit should have the capbility to support Feature flag / Dial approach(implemented code hidden to Users but this wont block dev team to continue working and wont stop the test team to test the feature)
 where Dev code can go live
H.Will be good to understand if there is a dependency from third party / upstream clients for test data so  should have Mock/stub stratergy



